README.md, before:

# Genesys Provider for OAauth 2.0 Client

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys)
[![Tests](https://github.com/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys)

This package provides Genesys OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's OAuth 2.0 Client.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys
```

## Usage

Usage is the same as The League's OAuth client, using `\Vormkracht10\OAuth2Genesys\Provider\Genesys` as the provider.

### Authorization Code Flow

```php
require_once('./vendor/autoload.php');
session_start();

$provider = new \Vormkracht10\OAuth2Genesys\Provider\Genesys([
    'clientId'          => '{genesys-client-id}',
    'clientSecret'      => '{genesys-client-secret}',
    'redirectUri'       => 'https://example.com/callback-url',
]);

if (!isset($_GET['code'])) {

    // If we don't have an authorization code then get one
    $authUrl = $provider->getAuthorizationUrl();
    $_SESSION['oauth2state'] = $provider->getState();
    header('Location: '.$authUrl);
    exit;

// Check given state against previously stored one to mitigate CSRF attack
} elseif (empty($_GET['state']) || ($_GET['state'] !== $_SESSION['oauth2state'])) {

    unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
    exit('Invalid state');

} else {

    // Try to get an access token (using the authorization code grant)
    $token = $provider->getAccessToken('authorization_code', [
        'code' => $_GET['code']
    ]);

    // Optional: Now you have a token you can look up a users profile data
    try {

        // We got an access token, let's now get the user's details
        $user = $provider->getResourceOwner($token);

    } catch (Exception $e) {

        // Failed to get user details
        exit('Oh dear...');
    }

    // Use this to interact with an API on the users behalf
    echo $token->getToken();
}
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/spatie/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

-   [Bas van Dinther](https://github.com/vormkracht10)
-   [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Add api and auth domains based on region

README.md, after:

# Genesys Provider for OAauth 2.0 Client

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys)
[![Tests](https://github.com/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys)

This package provides Genesys OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's OAuth 2.0 Client.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require vormkracht10/oauth2-genesys
```

## Usage

Usage is the same as The League's OAuth client, using `\Vormkracht10\OAuth2Genesys\Provider\Genesys` as the provider.

### Defining the region

Because Genesys uses different endpoints for different regions, you need to define the region you want to use. This can be done by passing the region as parameter to the constructor. By default the region is set to `us-east-1`. All regions and their endpoints can be found in the Genesys API documentation [here](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/api/).

### Authorization Code Flow

```php
require_once('./vendor/autoload.php');
session_start();

$provider = new \Vormkracht10\OAuth2Genesys\Provider\Genesys([
    'region'            => 'us-west-2',
    'clientId'          => '{genesys-client-id}',
    'clientSecret'      => '{genesys-client-secret}',
    'redirectUri'       => 'https://example.com/callback-url',
]);

if (!isset($_GET['code'])) {

    // If we don't have an authorization code then get one
    $authUrl = $provider->getAuthorizationUrl();
    $_SESSION['oauth2state'] = $provider->getState();
    header('Location: '.$authUrl);
    exit;

// Check given state against previously stored one to mitigate CSRF attack
} elseif (empty($_GET['state']) || ($_GET['state'] !== $_SESSION['oauth2state'])) {

    unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
    exit('Invalid state');

} else {

    // Try to get an access token (using the authorization code grant)
    $token = $provider->getAccessToken('authorization_code', [
        'code' => $_GET['code']
    ]);

    // Optional: Now you have a token you can look up a users profile data
    try {

        // We got an access token, let's now get the user's details
        $user = $provider->getResourceOwner($token);

    } catch (Exception $e) {

        // Failed to get user details
        exit('Oh dear...');
    }

    // Use this to interact with an API on the users behalf
    echo $token->getToken();
}
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/spatie/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

-   [Bas van Dinther](https://github.com/vormkracht10)
-   [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
